hi guys I'm here to show in
video that even won it is the video of
toys - christmas and not talking
very serious and I 'm a little strange to
so I'm going to make a video so they can
chose because it is your favorite theme
so it was no use she got very
cat broken and I have leg
broken is not the knee so I then
I'll show
thing is very
the first was the hunting and
Andrés's parents' Christmas is afterwards gone to the goal
so she is my mother gave more things
to her
here's a penalty I'm going to show
fully ceiling then the boys
things ahead and applauded
at the end of classes and also the time
Something else she won I go
show a little more closely
so if this would be here, there is only
one had wanted and henrique bra and no
call these things here that are in the
room and not who wants these things here
also
the food is because she got it not
it was christmas
ok it's also show so it's better I
To do that was not a happy Christmas but
Here is the notebook, I'll just show you one.
notebook by caio
here is show
hockey 2000 donnazh hands and ray the
our riches 38
so it 's a wounded animal because I do not
It was to be expected and a lot then it was
what the video she does not even notice
Christmas is the Christmas morning thing where I
I do yoga puzzle hit alone
ae